The Chen family has fallen to this
He deserved it.
Ah you scumbag
It was you who dragged the Chen family into the abyss
I ruined your self-control today
Uh-huh.
Ah little sir
Sin of the Son
Epidemic you spare my Chen family
I, the Chen family, promise
I will never appear in front of you again
Thank you, sir
Somebody drag him away
This Chen Tianming is the only seedling of the Chen family
How could Chen Beiliu be willing to do it?
Could it be that this Xiao Chen is really extraordinary?
Are we looking at the wrong person?
Mr. Su
This play is good
Xiao Chen, you have been hiding the wrong table
I'm hiding the wind
I'm afraid that my sharpness will hurt you for the past three years
So I hide my identity
With a sincere heart
Wait for you for three years
Help you for three years
Protect you for three years
I don't know yet.